Where are you going?
I'm not running away, am I?
Forgive others, forgive others
I really had to this time
If I don't go, I'm going to die here
Do you really think you can escape?
Your ID card and passport are all in Fei Ge's hands
Even if you escape to the border, I will catch you back
That's better than dying here
You put me down and I won't let you go
Come with me to see Sister Hong
Okay, Brother Fei, look at what you've done
He fooled me
Phineas
Stand by and enter
Without further ado
It will be delivered to Young Master Lin tonight to die
Hmm, Sister Soul
You all saw
The St. Donna line has escaped
I'm trying to catch him, I'm really
Do you know who Cai Maomao is?
He's a reporter for the Evening Faith
Specially lurking in to expose your nonsense
The king has you, look
Fei Ge promised me
After this is done, I will be a shareholder of the company
I can't match a little girl liar, is it okay?
The stinky girl lied to me for so long
Sister Hong, trust me, I'll shut up
Go away, Hu